# LINGOFLIP MVP

### Main problem
The main idea is to create an online foreign language learning platform.
The users of the platform will be learning utilising the spaced repetition approach, this flashcard driven method is already proven to work in apps like Anki or SuperMemo.

### Minimal Viable Product requirements
- A new user will have to create a user-account.
- After a successful account creation he will login using his own login and password.
- The learning platform will be a modern looking and responsive webpage.
- The users will learn the foreign language by using flashcards.
- One side of the card will contain a word in the foreign language.
- The flashcards will only contain words like verbs, nouns, adjectives, adverbs, and pronouns.
- There will be a collection of default flashcards containing a collection of the most commonly used words on the planet generated by AI. The user will specify how many words he wants, 50 words being the default setting.
- The user will have an option of providing a recording of his conversations in his native language. The provided recording will be analyzed by AI or other online tool. It will take note of the 50 mostly used words. Finally a flashcard for each identified word will be generated, the flashcard will have the identified native language word on first-side and the translated word on the second-side.
- The third user-option will be adding new flashcards manually by the user - just as in Anki
- The user will have the option to browse his flashcard collection and to edit or remove flashcards.
- For the initial phase the platform should support up to 10 most-commonly used foreign languages including Polish and Italian.
- The application will support two native user languages english (default) or polish
- The other side of the flashcard will contain the word written in the user's mother language.
- The foreign word when displayed (card flipped) will be made audible and pronounced by a native-speaker.
- The user will be able to flip the card when he wishes to i.e. by clicking on the card surface
- The person that is learning will drag the flashcard to the left when she thinks that she guessed correctly the card or right if she did not guess it, the approach known from the Tinder app.
- The flashcards will be provided as long as the user has not guessed all of the flashcards or he has reached the daily flashcard learning limit.
- The daily flashcard display limit will be a configurable value in the user settings with a reasonable default value like 20.
- The user may choose to learn the word in the context of full sentences. In that case the program will ask an online AI agent to embed the word in a simple sentence.
- After reaching the daily goal the program will ask AI to generate a short story in the foreign language using the guessed words.
- Integration of the flashcards with a known well tested open-source repetition algorithm

### What is NOT in the MVP scope but planned for the future

- The user may choose to guess the other side of the flashcard by saying-out the word.
  The platform would record the answer and analyze if the answer is correct based on the result the card goes either to the left or to the right.
- Support for more application languages than english and polish.
- Support for more foreign languages
- Support for making live recordings of the user-speech that are then later on used for AI-flashcard generation.
- Mobile platform support not only web
- Sharing of flashcard sets between users

### Success criteria
- Both manual and AI-driven flashcard generation works
- 75% of the AI-generated flashcards are satisfactory for the user
- Most of the users (more than 75% percent) create flashcards using AI
- The added flashcards and their learning-stage persisted by the application across all user-sessions
